Link to new Docker images (#3258)
dart-lang/site-www: src/server/google-cloud.md

Dart servers can use many
[Google Cloud products](https://cloud.google.com/products),

> often with the help of Dart's official [Docker images][]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
often with the help of [Dart Docker images][]
```

Reviewer: I think "official" isn't needed, since we imply that with the "team" below.

Author: They are not "Dart official" but "Docker official"! 

Maybe we should say "often with the Docker Official Images for Dart"? And maybe link to https://docs.docker.com/docker-hub/official_images/ ?

Reviewer: Oh, interesting! That's completely different from what I thought it meant.

Will many people care that they're Official Images? If not, I still like my wording. But someone who knows more about Docker might have a different take.

Reviewer: Talking with @johnpryan, we had a couple of different possibilities:

1. ...with the help of [Dart's Docker images][], which are [Official Images][]
2. ...with the help of the official [Dart container images][], maintained by Docker, Inc.

Author: Can we just say this?

```
Dart servers can use many
[Google Cloud products](https://cloud.google.com/products),
often with the help of the
pre-packaged Docker [Official Images for Dart](https://hub.docker.com/_/dart).
```

Reviewer: lgtm

> that the Dart Docker team maintains.

Reviewer: This makes me wonder who the Dart Docker team is! If they're a subset of the Dart team, then maybe we can just drop "Docker"?

Author: They're not. We already have someone on Cloud maintaining, and might have more non-Dart, and even non-Google. The list is here:
https://github.com/docker-library/official-images/blob/master/library/dart#L1

We could link to that?

Reviewer: Nah, that's OK, now that I know you're intentionally differentiating from the Dart team. I'd still like to clarify the link, though, like you did above:

often with the help of the
pre-packaged Docker [Official Images for Dart](https://hub.docker.com/_/dart).

[ce]: https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/containers
[cr]: https://cloud.google.com/run/docs/quickstarts/build-and-deploy/other
[server examples]: https://github.com/dart-lang/samples/tree/master/server

> [Docker images]: https://hub.docker.com/_/dart

Reviewer 2: Drive by comment: don't forget to match the `[Docker images]` tag with the one used above

Author: Sorry, not sure I understand? Are they not matched already?

Reviewer 2: I was looking at Kathy's suggestion, nevermind!
